Mickey Virus is a film entirely by Manish Paul and the scenes and situations were created in the film according to his image.
Manish has done his duty well.
He has expressed the fear, fears, struggles, determination and victory of Shahid in a very clear way.
They seem natural in every sense of the word.
The casting of the film is tremendous.
The roles of Shahid's brothers, mother and wife have also been chosen for suitable actors.
The courtroom scenes of the film are real.
Akshay Kumar's unbridled and unconcerned style fascinates
He has a deep confidence in front of the camera.
They also have some very sharp dialogues.
They show their talent even in limited scenes.
Faraj Haider has humorously portrayed the generations of tension and warfare that followed the partition between India and Pakistan with a sense of peace and security.
The idea of Farrah Haider is commendable
The movie songs.
One of the great attractions of the film is the combination of Chulbul (Rishi Kapoor) and Bulbul (Nitu Singh) is Grace Ma Rox.
Chandhan Roy Sanyal is a brilliant actor, there is no doubt about it.
Another important thing about the film is its camera that is constantly moving.
Despite the novelty, the interaction of all the artists has made the scenes interesting.
The fear that came on his face after feeling fear is the beauty of this film.
They had to express all their feelings as they swam in the water.
The Lunchbox by Ritesh Batra is a beautiful, touching, sensitive, realistic and charming film.
It is like a cold shade and bar for the audience in the aggressive sunshine of entertainment in Hindi films
It is a cooling place in the hot market season.
Irrfan and Nimrat Kaur are examples of spontaneous, restrained and emotional acting.
An unknown person can read Irfan's one - on - one line while opening a tiffin on the dining hall table
The expression on Irrfan's face as he opened the tiffins and smelled the dishes expresses the joy of the end
His timing and comical approach make the film interesting in some places.
The film also makes people laugh.
His timing and comical approach make the film interesting in some places.
He has always made the scenes of such films impressive with his music.
The youth's passion and ambiguity towards love and romance is well illustrated in the film.
The film's lyrics are new and subject-oriented.
They seem more conversational and conversational than a figure of speech.
The same kind of artificially can be felt by looking at the chain.
The audience of the multiplex will also enjoy
The Shujit government has made a beautiful use of the abilities of a limited-range actor in this film.
John Abraham has tried to live up to the expectations of the character.
The unconventional casting of the director has increased the credibility of the film.
The hard work of the film's writers turns the documentary into an interesting film.
In a few scenes, Imran Khan's hard work is seen to be successful.
Achy Kumar's character has been successful in styling
The films are simple and connect directly with the general audience of the country.
Rohit Shetty's films do not have dark colors
This continuity continued in the artist's clothes to the background property.
All the shades are colorful and the subject matter is sleepy.
The BA pass touches many aspects of social life.
With the help of his technical team, the director has kept the film's setting real.
After a break, there is a film that remembers the names of its characters even after they leave the theater.
The three characters are well-crafted.
Their communication is a clear message.
These desires are illustrated by the director in an interesting way.
It is a pleasure to see Ravi Kishine in this style of artists.
He has brought down a man who is decent from above and evil from within.
Their reward is a shadow of their own.
Other artists include Ranveer Shuri, Vinay Pathak, Vishaha Singh
The music of the film is better
This is an artistic gift of Kiran Rao to the audience who expect art in films.
In visual arts and composition, crafts and mo - rattan and presentation, Anand Gandhi is associated with the tradition of Hindi art film directors.
The beginning of the film is great.
Rakesh Omprakash Mehra has presented the audience with the surroundings and society.
This film is a must see for teenagers and younger audiences.
Farhan Akhtar has also assimilated the inner cascade with the outer appearance of Milkha.
They are becoming the Milkha Singh from beginning to end.
The artist who has become a child prodigy has prepared the right ground for him.
Rajasthan Joshi has beautifully and effectively portrayed the division of the country in the film.
Prasoon Joshi has given the story an interesting dimension from flashback and then from the craftsmanship of flashback.
We continue to be interested in Milkha's character.
You will find that whether you like it or not, its innocence and gentleness have made you wet.
This love story is deceiving, but it is not.
Vikram picks an interesting and sad love story set against the backdrop of sixth-century Bengal.
It's a way of looking at the characters and finally heating up the viewer's sense of beauty.
In his second film, Vikram is a simple and a very strong director.
The look of Banaras in the film is compelling.
Anand Rai has created the character of Kundan with great beauty and thought.
His thinking is reflected in the other characters, but the pure and clean acting of Dhanush makes the character of Kundan lovable and trustworthy.
An additional thank you to Himanshu Sharma, author of Ranjana
He has sharply portrayed the colour, tone, brightness and character of Banaras in scenes, words and dialogues.
Yet the ingenuity and innovation with which Prince Gupta has designed and created the characters, they cover these shortcomings.
In this he gets help from Imran Hashmi and Vidya Balan.
Both artists have been in their roles till the end.
I should like to thank Prince Gupta for keeping the suspense of the story alive until it opens.
The writer - director has also worked hard to create his character.
The hard work of KK Menon and Sunil Shetty is evident.
The level of drama and action has increased.
Nevertheless, bringing innovation to the story was a huge challenge for the audience, which the director has done well.
The camera work and editing department have played the full screenplay.
Speaking of acting, Akshay Khanna takes the stage and his presence takes the film to a different level.
Siddhartha Malhotra and Sonakshi Sinha have also done justice to the characters.
You may not be able to take these movies home with you, but entertainment is guaranteed.
It also has a strong storyline that makes it more interesting.
Everyone's performance was amazing.
Overall, 'Golmal Agan' is a fun film.
A film that not only touches your heart, but becomes a part of your life.
This film makes you laugh, cry, and builds confidence in making your dreams come true.
Director Advait Chandand has managed to make the first film that only a talented filmmaker can do.
In the role of Insya, Zaira Vasim is completely overshadowed.
For the emotional bond between mother and daughter, for every dreamer who has no attachment, this film "Secret Superstar" is a must see.
Their presence takes the film to another dimension.
Ritesh Shah Raja Menon and Suresh Nair have beautifully made the screenplay.
It was nice to see Rajpal Yadav on screen after a long time.
The cinematography of the film is amazing.
Far from plastic films, Newton is an honest film.
This film is so honest that you'll always remember that golden age of parallel cinema.
Kangana has done a great performance, she should be praised
Cinematography is great.
It is also clear that the dialogue of the film is very much in character.
'Poster Boys' is a fun movie that you won't be able to stop laughing at.
Shrews keeps the film as an actor
The film's camera work and editing is very accurate.
Cinematography is excellent.
Ajay Devgan performed greatly
The songs of the film are definitely Karna-Puri
Prasanna has made an interesting film with a healthy comedy treatment on this serious issue.
'Bhubh Marag Sakhkar' is a completely entertaining and responsible film.
But the writers wrote this film very beautifully.
There is no pornography anywhere, and it is truly commendable.
In many places, metaphors have been used with great beauty.
As for acting, Ayushmann Khurrana has got his voice and he is reaching new heights with each film.
Bhumi Pednekar has also done a great performance
The 'Hubb Mangal Sakhran' has taken a holistic approach in every department.
This film will make you laugh, hug and think.
Some songs even make your feet swing.
Some songs really touch the heart.
The film 'Toilet: A Love Story' is certainly a sincere effort.
This is a beautifully shot by director Ashwini Ayer Tiwari.
The effort to make a film on this issue should be commended.
Also, the film is notable for the excellent performances of Akshay Kumar and Bhumi Pednekar.
A beautiful film that travels through Europe gives you a different sense of love.
The chemistry of Shah Rukh Anushka is fantastic.
The music is good.
Anis Bazmi has played this role well in her film Mubarak.
They're also writers, so they make a lot of things better than they are.
The film is produced in a very grand manner.
And the music of the film is also quite good.
Overall, Mubarak is a fun spice film.
Which will sometimes make you feel nauseous, mocked, and even emotional in some places.
But the sweet ones have managed to make it an infottainment, which includes information and entertainment.
Speaking of acting, Keerthy Kulhari has carried the entire film on her shoulders as the 'Indu Government' and has been successful.
Neel Nitin Mukesh is also very good in his role.
Tota Roy Chaudhary brings the character of Naveen to life
Munna Michael is a good package of entertainment.
This is a beautifully illustrated version of how dance takes him to other cities.
Nawaz has touched a new dimension in the role of soldier
The lead actor of the film, Tiger Shroff, has done great dance moves and his body is also beautiful.
This film is for the audience who really want to see something.
He has created a screenplay that engages the audience even though it is a predictable story.
The choreography is amazing when it comes to dance.
Watching this movie is not a waste of time at all because it makes you think.
Arpita also plays a role.
Ravina Tandon's performance is amazing.
In a second and a half, they get their rhythm back.
Speaking of performance level, Ranbir Kapoor is also a capable actor.
The cinematographer Ravi Burman takes the beauty of film a step further.
Editing is also sharp
Pritam's music is amazing.
The children will love this film and a message that gives the film a full force.
Anurag Basu's world of detective is a commendable endeavor to create a mysterious and intricate cosmos of life, magic, adventure
The story cleverly expands its appeal to a young and mature thinking approach, flying from the child's mood.
The film has interesting uses of narrative landscape.
All the characters in the film get a direct payment from the cast.
The film's musical plot is four moons long.
He has done a great job in the limited scope of the script.
The innocence and innocence of the people of small towns is a stark reflection.
He has done perfect justice to the character.
He has played the role with tenacity.
A husbandly woman as Gudi is beautifully portrayed by Tanvi Azmi
Director Ravi Udaywar has been very successful in creating effective scenes
The help of the background score and the aerial shot of the camera has made her more visible.
Their work in the roles of Devki and DK is commendable.
Adnan Siddiqui's screen presence is magical
The soundtrack and the filming of the songs reflect the appropriate depth
Sunil Darshan has captured the Lokdakar location in a very good camera.
They make the story of the film impressive with their emotions.
Especially Ju Ju and Matin are very natural and interested.
Bampi, Baljit, Omkar and Ishita have provided interesting colours to the typical qualities of Mumbai and Delhi.
The thriller and comedy are balanced by the middle ground.
In the role of Jugnu, people will be aware of a new aspect of his skill.
He has perfectly portrayed the character of Marathi Manush.
Here, both Kṛti Sānān and Sushant Singh Rajput have to be praised for playing the unmistakable characters of Saira and Shiva.
The chemistry between them is visible on the screen.
They have given all the characters and the actors who play them the opportunity to open up in their own way.
The acting of Ranveer Shuri and Kalki Kochlin is undeniable.
Vikrant Macy influences Shuthu in the role
He would like to shout out in the cinema.
Hindi Medium directed by Saket Chaudhary is a must - see film
They make the personal effort and intervention of the scenes of the action and the stock meaningful and effective.
The film industry is very much in demand for the production of this film.
Both the characters and the performers gain sympathy from the audience.
In common lines they create humour and excitement with their style. They distinguish with laughter.
Such films look good and attractive as a concept and a theme.
Surely Parinieti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana have both done great performances.
Director Akshay Rai has a good background in Bengal
They have already noticed the proximity of the surroundings from the scene.
Ayushmann Khurrana and Pariniyati Chopra have both been enriched and have gained confidence.
Music directors have maintained the melody and the rhythm of the music
The Baha 'u 'llah has become bigger and brighter in its future and vastness than ever before.
The actors and directors for the action choreography of the film are both worthy of praise and appreciation.
He has given a spectacular flight to the imagination of writer Vijayendra Prasad
The story's plot is superior and incomparable.
It also delights the audience, because no such visual and VFX of this scale has ever been seen before.
The film shows clearly that the writer and director have no knowledge of journalism and journalism.
Sonakshi Sinha as the actress in Nur makes something new
However, Vidya Balan has given a ton of thought to the character of Begum Jan.
They have brought down his Ru'ab and Shabab in prostration.
Their dialogue pay and angry acting are better.
Lalit Bahl and Adil Hussain have expressed their undramatic feelings for the role of father and son.
Adil Hussain has beautifully expressed Rajiv's passion and laziness
They have failed in this endeavor.
Sanjay Mishra has made Kabir Bhai interesting with his Hazir Jawab style
Computer-generated images are very effective and bright.
They have made great use of imagination to expand the future world.
The thing that really impresses me about the film is the production design, especially the matrix and the robots.
In terms of acting, Pia Bajpayee portrayed Juliet in a beautiful way.
Among the new actresses, Pia Bajpayee is fresh. She does not seem to imitate anyone.
Taapsee Pannu is gradually moving into the movies.
She brings the details of the characters to the screen.
Their expressions are balanced and characteristic.
Director Shivam Nair has judged with the script found
If you look beyond logic and thought in the film, this is an interesting film.
Diljit Doshanj has lost his life in his painting.
The film, which was made from leaks of Hindi films, features a talented actor like Rajkumar Rao, who wings the flight of Vikramaditya Motvani's Kalpana.
This effort makes the film interesting and entertaining in a different way.
Small towns and malls will love the single screen.
They are a beautifully sewn embroidery of the social fabric of Jhansi and the changes that are coming.
The film is called its message
Shashank Khasan has kept the amount of emotion between the characters correct.
Both Varun and Alia create extra attraction when they are together on screen
The actors in other film roles are also capable of their roles.
His contribution made the wedding of Dr. Bhagnani such an interesting, entertaining and meaningful one.
Sahil Vaid as a friend of Badri should be mentioned separately
He has played the traditional character of Hindi films very well.
They have a tremendous sense of humor. They are capable of action and dynamic.
The action of this film is impressive.
Ashutosh Rana and Arbaaz Khan have shown their devotion
Aaliyah's friend Alex is a characteristic of Himash Kohli.
It's a beautiful film.
Once again, both actors have got the best roles they have played with the utmost zeal.
As Miss Julia, Kangana Rannot appears in the opening scenes.
Vishal Bhardwaj has been a great filmmaker in the filming of the songs of this film.
Their emotions are unique.
The writer - director in The Gaza Attack takes commendable precautions
The author has well illustrated the mind game between the two.
The main cast includes KK Menon, Atul Kulkarni, Rahul Singh and Rana Daggubati.
Irada is the best and most remarkable film in terms of plot and issue.
The audience was eagerly awaiting Akshay Kumar's film Jolly LLB 2.
Because the audience had enjoyed the first appearance of Jolly LLB with Arshad Warsi.
It's really hard to bring that kind of novelty to the screenplay when there's no novelty in the story.
Speaking of performance level, Akshay Kumar has played Joli very well.
This is a story - based film. The writer and director need to be honest and true.
Ritiq Roshan will take the popularity to a new level.
will increase their audience
All events and actions have reliable imagination.
He has given the exact color and style of Rohan's character.
He has expressed the feeling very well in short sentences and today's words.
The casting of Ronit Roy and Rohit Roy together is tremendous among the supporting cast.
Both have presented their characters in a good gray shade.
Without a doubt, Shah Rukh Khan has tried to do something different.
It was completed by the tireless efforts of all the actors, filmmakers and people from every department involved in the film industry.
It was a striking mix of entertainment and messages that emerged and spread to the public.
This epic has been presented in an interesting, inspiring and exciting way.
The editing of the ballu salusa is sharp
They have not allowed the script to be even an inch burdensome.
This is another stunning film by Aamir Khan.
His conversion to the form of Vajini Mahavira Fogat is unfortunate.
The film's lyrics are powerful and will continue the story.
The time it took to watch the movie seems fair.
It has all the qualities to win the next National Award.
The writer - director has created suspense
There have been attempts to choose a new way to show and tell this mystery story.
They have tried to make the script more accessible.
Ranveer Singh has absorbed the unrest of religion and the tendency to be cowardly.
The voice of the poet is used in the incarnation of Shira.
These are the worst movies ever made.
It also has thrills, mysteries and sci-fi, but the story of this film is completely different.
He has brought to life two persons of the same woman as Durga Rani Singh and Vidya Sinha in a very good and effective way.
But he is skilled in playing independent roles other than leaks.
Rajiv Ruya has beautifully combined suspense, thrill and horror.
Background music is very important in horror, and it's also where the movie is successful.
Shah Rukh Khan is comfortable in a simple role different from his usual image
Their charm is intact.
He looks attractive with his style and character.
Alia Bhatt is emerging as a capable actress of her generation
He has effectively portrayed Cara's depression, dualism and ambition in the face of the scenes.
He has expressed the character's frustration and laughter well.
The film has speed. There is enough action.
John Abraham looks good and reliable in action scenes.
Music has been used in the background of the film.
As an actress, she appears to grow in them.
He has once again shown how important it is to control the mood and expression for acting.
However, some dialogues are impressive. They have a well-rounded sense of meaning and emotion.
Its packaging is beautiful.
They look literally helpless in the seemingly weak scenes.
Anushka Sharma is a betting on both character and artist aspects.
'Without' full of action and emotion
Ajay Devgan has many qualities besides. No action film like this has been seen in Hindi.
Their insight is evident in the action scenes.
Ajay Devgan has raised the standard of action
He has also shown his acting skills with action.
Despite being the first film, she records her presence.
Abigail Ames is very expressive in the role of daughter Gaura.
Ajay Devgan's efforts are commendable
These actors have performed the assigned roles well.
Her comic timing and dancing steps are amazing.
The choice of words and dialogue in Gulzar's lyrics is beautiful as usual.
Rakesh Omprakash Mehra presents them with a fascinating visual
Locations are appealing
As artists, they also assimilate the given characters.
Mirzhiya is undoubtedly magnificent and beautiful.
When you watch a movie, there is also a background music with those memorable moments.
The film succeeds in its purpose
Finally, the language and context of this film deserves praise.
He has played this role with passion and energy.
Banjo is a good try.
This film introduces a different dimension of women in Indian society.
Despite the script's limitations, Nawaz makes the film interesting with his talent.
Their dialogue is paid and casual paid to the audience.
The evil of their eyes is on the screen.
Akira also has a lot of action.
However, this action is not air-to-air. They are set up as real combat.
However, Sonakshi Sinha's acting takes this layered film to heights.
Tiger shrimp have speed and agility, so they look lovely in dance and action scenes.
He has woven an interesting story across India and Pakistan.
However, Mudassar Aziz has made a full effort to laugh in this sitcom.
Diana Penty has a good understanding of Happy's attitudes.
Indian audience will find it fun
Despite some shortcomings, Happy Run Away is a fun movie.
The beauty of Ashutosh Gowariker is that they think big.
The action scenes of the film are made by looking at his agility.
There are tremendous visuals.
Rustam is an influential period film.
The work of the technical team of the film is commendable.
'Rustam is a different kind of thriller film.
They're also very stylish and look good in this style.
In the actresses, Ileana DeCruz also impresses in her limited role.
Their looks and dress have been well worked out.
The four have self - saturated their characters in the right color and manner.
The soundtrack of the film would be more enjoyable if it had the sound and style of the music of the sixth and seventh decades.
In this era of biopic films, Bodhya is a prime example.
This story of mutual trust and struggle between two people is exciting, inspiring and entertaining.
Somendra Padhri has beautifully portrayed the character of Budhiya and Birchandi.
As Birchhi, Manoj Bajpayee once again introduces a new aspect of his talent.
He has enhanced the impact of the film with his emotions.
The newest beauty of Abu Dhabi's desert landscape has been captured by cinematographer Ayhanka Bose on a beautiful camera.
The film has been given a grand
He has been given a rich sense of adventure by John Abraham and Varun Dhawan's Dole - Shole.
The humorous dialogue of the Hussain broker has kept the pace and momentum of the film.
Every actor on the acting front has influenced
They feel comfortable in the role of a serious person.
John Fabte as Kabir
Hansod Junayed Ansari's character has a strong sense of Varun Dhawan
Irrfan's acting takes this layered film to heights, influences and succeeds in its purpose.
Anushka Sharma has played the role of Arfa very well
The lyrics of the film, composed by Irshad Kamil and Vishal-Shekhar, focused on the theme, emotions of the characters and popular needs alike.
Ravi Khammu has justified the role of father
Yami Gautam has defined the character well
Mithi Brothers, Jit Ganguly and Ankit Tiwari have not lost any effort in making the lyrics of songwriters Manoj Munjira and Kumar sound good.
Anurag Kashyap has maintained his signature in Kisagoi
Anurag Kashyap has managed to keep Raman Raghav 2.0 as a thriller and his humour black.
He has got good support from the composer Sandeep Chowta in this work.
Their journey is fear, adventure and adventure.
Writer - director Nagesh Kuknur has a good way of recounting the good and bad experiences of his journey.
Both children's artists, Hetal Ghoda and Krsch Chhabdia have done great work in Dhankan.
Their child - reaching reactions enhance the film's impact
Vipin Sharma draws with his emotions as a lachar uncle
The background of Rajasthan has been beautifully used.
Three is a new kind of film.
Producer Sujoy Ghosh gave Rivu Dasgupta the courage and consent to walk away from the leak and write.
As Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Hindi films have found a talented actor who is shocking with his original flaws.
In the songs of the film, Amitabh Bhattacharya has well conveyed the vibes of the film.
If you look at these songs, the enjoyment of the film will increase.
The three of them have not lost any effort to make the film funny.
Pawan Kripalani has used music precisely in his Phobia.
Together, they have presented the thinking of Pawan Kripalani in a beautiful way.
Pawan Kripalani, in collaboration with music director Daniel B. George, editor Pooja Ladha Surti and cinematographer Jayakrishnan Gummi, has written this story of fear in an exciting way.
Pawan Kripalani has beautifully narrated the events.
Keep writing Dr. Arvind!
Along with Maharaja Gaitri Devi, Leela Naidu was also named by Vogue magazine as one of the ten most beautiful women in the world.
The director has made a fun film on a low budget. In the story of one night party alone, Sourav has taken the best work from every character.
Leela Naidu's performance was well received and the film also won the National Award.
Apuvarva has also introduced a new dimension to Formula Film.
Shah Rukh Khan is unparalleled in the role of Rizwan. Kajol is as lovely as Mandira. Shah Rukh and Kajol's on-screen chemistry is amazing.
This is a new kind of characterization where the woman is not a symbol of purity.
Young Director Choube should be praised for having chosen the right characters in his first film as director.
The director has not let the pace of the film slow down. V.J. Ranveer Singh is perfectly fit in the role of Ryan.
Their presence gives energy to the world.
Ankur has the naturalness and openness of Naseeruddin Shah.
The script and the heart-pounding dialogue of the movie are the life of 3 Idiots. There are many dialogues that make accurate comments on our arrangement. At the same time, many dialogues have messages for students and a right thinking for parents.
Love Guru gives young people practical tips that can lead to bad relationships.
This is the first film of director Vishal and despite the few characters, he did not let the story spread.
They have captured the life of Slim with his beats on camera.
From the South African city of Johannesburg to the coast, the green grass of the skyscrapers and the plains there is shown with great mastery.
Despite all the things, the heroine's face will be remembered.
The film features a half dozen other actors besides Akshay - Kareena pair, who were perhaps fitting in with the intention of prolonging this short love story. The film features Akshay as the stuntman of Hollywood films and certainly his action scenes are better than previous films.
There is a tremendous chemistry between Shahid and Zanelia.
Imtiaz Ali has been so passionate about a love story.
There is a sharpness and a wryness in the dialogue.
The heart - touching Surila is the plus - point of the musical film.
Rajaswari is not the answer. Tabhu dominates everyone every time she appears on screen. Sharman Joshi and Yuvica are very stable.
Salman has worked hard in action scenes.
He has largely brought to life the playboy of his character Vir Pratap Singh, who lives in a romantic and dream world. The climax of the film is the life of the film, in which he visits the wedding of Sande and expresses his love.
The film runs from start to climax and manages to keep the audience engaged.
It was a beautiful and magnificent film of that era.
Shahid, who is associated with the group of Shamak Dawar, has proved that he has no answer in dance.
After the intervals, Javed and Rajpal's bold entry makes the film interesting.
The film of Kedar Shinde is well started
No one else can be considered for this role except Big B.
He has played the role of Jalil in a modest manner.
Nasiruddin Shah, Arshad Warsi and Vidya Balan have joined forces to make the film impressive.
In such a situation, Salman's mega budget film has every spice that is enjoyed by the fans of the front class and spice films.
Despite the lack of eyelight, he has played his amazing action stunt scenes in the film without any duplicate, but has tried to do justice to his role without knowing the ABC of acting.
Amitabh's dialogue delivery is not an answer.
The cinematography in the film is very fantastic.
The film is characterized by the unpredictability of the next scenes and events.
The songs written by Subrat Sinha are a feeling of freshness and freshness in the lyrics. Five songs from the film have been in the top five of the music charts for a long time.
Ramu did something that was shadowed in the media every time.
The film's packaging and music are its life.
Kajol has made an important contribution to this film.
But there is an aspect of this film that was not in any film before and it brought Bagban into the ranks of successful films.
Farhan has shown once again that he has a passion for bringing the role to life. Farhan has introduced Karthik's character in two completely different looks. Farhan is very confident as Karthik who wears glasses at the beginning of the film, eats the boss's whine and later goes to the boss's cabin and makes the boss wanting terms.
Sameer Kocher, who is playing CBI Inspector, has also managed to win the hearts of the audience with his personality.
Like every film of his, Bhatt Sahab fulfilled many promises to Bollywood.
In a big sense, the "Lamdog Millenium" is also a big urban community.
The item song and title song'Bridegroom Got'filmed on Shah Rukh Khan have become good.
The plight of the black - majority Georgia after the interval has been made an important part of the story by Karn.
The whole film is based on Govinda and Ranveer, but Lara has been overwhelmed by her blunt and bold image.
The background score and the song - music of the film is remarkable.
Swannand Kirkirre and Vishal Bhardwaj have deepened the core of the film with their music.
Shreyas has worked hard to make his role effective. All but Shreyas have filled their roles in the film.
Mithun Chakraborty and Puru Raj Kumar are influenced by their roles.
In the role of a young man who hides his teas and anger inside the sun of the Karam Champion in the slum settlement, Siddhartha is played by Chand Seen in the part of the great Jame D'm Priya and Padma is played by Jame.
The film is a satire on the thinking of those who see the public as a means of gaining power and votes.
The director of this film has a strong camera grip and the art of taking on the new stars is very much like Ram Gopal Varma.
Sudiep's answer in the role of Big B's son
The whole new team of Jannat is truly commendable.
Neha Dhoopya has appeared in different looks and roles in this film than her previous films. The chemistry between Silver and Vinay after Veja Fry is amazing.
Ramu did not stop the pace of the story.
If they are talking, they light up everything.
The film is not a response to the acting of Rishi Kapoor. He has done all the justice with his own role. The context of the Russian actress in Raj Kapoor's film My Name is Joker in the seventies is very well adapted in this film.
The story of the experience is woven in a very emotional way. The film has many dramatic and emotional themes like this. It is played very effectively by Gul Panag and Sanjay Suri. It is the best film of Gul and Sanjay's career. Raj Jutshi also has a memorable acting.
With a bold script and direction, this heartwarming story offers a message of saving the environment for future generations.
The film was made memorable by the lavish performances of Salman and Ajay Devgn.
The children have played their part with heart. The limit belief is stuck in its small role. This film has the strength to stand the test of the audience, whether it is a good film or not. The whole film is tied and interesting.
Not far away, the day will come when he will shock the Khan trio by demanding seven to eight crore hard labour for a film.
In fact, the nature of Indian fairy tales is very much like the science fiction fantasy.
Well, the big bet is right.
Kajol has made an important contribution to this film.
As director, Chandans performance of Siddhartha and Ankur Viral is very impressive.
Despite the script's restrictions, his work is remarkable.
Rajpal Yadav's work is also excellent.
The film is making a huge profit in the country and abroad.
The Purbia and Bhopal dialects have adapted the language of the film to the narrative.
The script has many funny scenes that make the story more interesting and fun. This is the main feature of this script written by Sourav and Silver.
Arshad Warsi and Naseeruddin Shah have given the most support.
She has also emphasized the role of Indian working women with great zeal.
Bagban was a commercial film which had been successfully reworked in many films like Avatar before.
Striker has a beautiful balance of environment and characters.
The film is a complete satire of Amir. He has managed to tie the audience to the end with his impressive acting.
Imran's work is the most brilliant in the entire film.
Vijay Harsh Vardhan Malik is played by Amitabh Bachchan.
This is even more interesting when this difference is seen in the first film of a filmmaker.
Although the script is not new, the director's good grasp of the developments, with the help of the excellent chemistry between mother and son, and the flashback, the confusing script also managed to keep the audience a little tied.
While many scenes of the farmer's story touch the heart, the filming of the real location of a small village in Punjab is excellent.
This is the greatest film ever made.
If you want to watch a light - fluid and clean time pass with the family, do not hesitate.
The location is perfectly suited to the story.
Tabbu's acting is appropriate for the film.
Satish Kaushik in the role of school principal was a bit of a shock to the audience whenever he came.
Meeting Shah Rukh Khan is like touching a live wire.
He turned the story of the film from a coach to a bookie with great cunning.
After Gadar, Anil Sharma proved once again that his response was not in action scenes.
The music of the film is a powerful aspect of the story. Both songs are a vital part of the story due to the freshness in the songs and melody in the music.
The Karan has also been largely successful on this test.
Anurag has many qualities.
You'll be happy to know.
Start to and Gemini is shaded in the film.
The duo of Vishal Bhardwaj and Gulzar is also useful and beautiful for the film as the songs and music are popular.
The musician from Jannat, Pritam, has a password that is the youth's choice.
The filming of the song "De Tali" has been very good.
The music of Prem is very strong. The title song of the film'The Day I Will Be Married'is already in the top ten.
Abhishek Chowbe and Vishal Bhardwaj have maintained the thrill of the film's elaborate screenplay.
The characters of the film do not seem imposed.
The music of the film is a bit fast and loud, but it fits the demands of the story.
Amitabh Bachchan has repeatedly proved why he is Amitabh Bachchan.
Salman is very much in the role of a bounty hunter.
Karan Johar is sincere to his subject
Padma Priya, who is making her first appearance in Hindi films, is very pleased.
Raj Kumar Hirani also showed his directing flair in this movie. He proved that something different and new comes out of his pitare every time. Hirani has a grip on the story from beginning to end.
The film's hero Imran did the extremely dangerous scene of jumping from a helicopter into a train without any duplicates. Not only are all the stunts in the film being part of Sanjay, but Shruti Haasan and Chitraashi also shot many dangerous scenes underwater without any duplicates.
Selina, who has so far made her mark among the audience with her sexy and hot image, has perhaps for the first time in her career, received so much footage that the entire film has been built around her.
Vidya has also done well in acting.
The film features Naushin completely obscured. She is seen trying to fit her role with a very low profile by the intervals, so her role is most prominent after the intervals.
Three words are correct, but I was glad to read this comment.
Yes, after Rock On again, Suhana celebrated her acting career. The music of the film is already on the teenagers' payroll before release. Two songs from the film have made it to the top five in several music charts.
She goes out on her free-living journey with her favorite people.
His acting in the film seems to have prepared him well for the role of radio jockey. RJ's lifestyle, his show on radio has been presented by Himesh in a dazzling style. Sonal Sahgal and Shahnaz were good in their roles. Despite the small role Paresh Rawal managed to calm down and laugh.
The starring roles of Om Puri and Govind Namdev, and Padmini Kolhapuri's return to the role of mother after a long time, make it seem that Bollywood has found a beautiful mother.
Not his response to the audience in his show at the climax in the scene of his mistake.
The film is a significant contribution of Ravichandran's cinematography.
The people have responded with immense support.
Ishkia is Abhishek Choubey's first entertainment film.
Both perform as complementary to each other in dramatic scenes and enhance the final effect.
The music of Prem is very strong. The title song of the film'The Day I Will Be Married'is already in the top ten.
