Not only did the film set the expectations, but it also made me regret that the good stuff had gone away.
He has a lot of acting, but a good actor can get bored if the character is stereotypical.
Eli Abram is hired to add glamour to the film.
The other characters are very common.
The context and circumstances have changed, but there has been little change in thinking and understanding.
There may also be technical quality deficiencies.
There is laughter in the film, but laughter is dominated by violence.
It's better not to see this movie for children.
He is bruised, bruised, flogged, bruised, and his head is swollen.
The biggest problem with this film is the idea of the script.
The entertainment cycle is broken when you watch a movie.
The movie is disappointing after all.
The song of Shadha starring Kamal Haasan and Sridevi would have given the audience a sense of relief if it had been in the film.
Somewhere reason and reason are ignored.
The film doesn 't even fit in with the songs and back and forth scenes.
In these instances, Shahid Kapoor has appeared to be a heroic young man, but his stature and face are not matched.
Always seems like something's missing
Something is missing
The scattering of the script also reduces the thrill of the film.
The writer - director must have made two - four sharp scenes like other average films.
The end of the scene is broken.
As a result, the film does not have the desired effect.
Anjum Rizvi's investment was not profitable.
Indra Kumar's 'Grand Masti' has not been grand from anywhere
It's actually a brand of recreational fun.
Lack of innovation and originality makes it hard to be a comedy-adult.
That the writer-director doesn't have much to say or show, so they repeat the whore tricks to make them laugh.
Such scenes and behaviours have been seen in common films.
She hypnotizes, but acting is raw.
There are many songs in the film, but they are not in tune with the story.
All songs are items.
His place in the whole film is uncertain.
Their illustration is inconsistent.
In the script, they don't get much attention from the general audience.
Satyagraha has no political clarity
Both could use either Hindi or English in those scenes.
The context and scenes that the writer - director has created for this short story cannot be bound
The dialogue on the scenes becomes overwhelming and loses its meaning.
If the scenes are dramatic, then the dialogue is fun.
Deepika Padukone in Chennai Express has given the dialogue a special tone, she breaks several times in the film.
Amrit Sagar Chopra has failed to make a small mockery of the subject.
Although the film has a crowd of actors, they are all for the food of the scenes.
Arshad Warsi alone has been given the responsibility of filming the film. He can't do it.
Acting requires practice now
If you could add some powerful scenes to the film instead of unwanted songs, the film would be more authentic.
Thief thief is a novelty in 'Super Thief', but there is also a cruelty.
Even after watching Manish Tiwari 'Isik', I can't remember what the main theme and purpose of the film was.
Overall, 'Isik' has become a kind of chichadri that crushes the past flavor in every chorus.
Weak movies disappoint, but it is frustrating.
The problem is that not yet properly established, Manish Tiwari, imitating the styles of Vishal Bharadwaj and Anurag Kashyap, has forgotten the simplicity and depth of his first film, Dil Dostri Aatitra.
Neither is this film Ishq's story nor the story of two family quarrels. The dialogue of the symbol is so messy that even if you listen, you can't hear the conversation properly.
He hasn 't worked hard on the character
The heroine is 20 because she has worked a little hard.
Director Amit Saxena's body was many times better than this film.
It is better not to talk about the acting of Poonam Pandey.
But he got a break in Bollywood, whether it was Sam, the price, the penalty, or the distinction, but actor Shivam has to focus more on his career in the coming days.
There is not a single song in the film that can be put on your tongue.
Overall, Drunken is an average movie that works to take a step further from the decaying and decaying tale of Bollywood that has been going on for years.
There is nothing in this film to please or justify the audience.
Because of this confusion, "Day" became a movie.
This simple film is a showcase of the talents of Irrfan, Arjun Rampal and other eminent actors.
The question arises is, does the story of bringing only the most wanted to India not please the audience?
In some contexts, the lack of dialogue and visual acuity is a problem.
One is that all the characters in the film are negative shades.
They are all involved in some sort of affair.
The calm-looking character is finally seen to be a little bit of a mess.
'Shortcut Romeo' is a boring film.
Amisha Patel, Neel Nitin Mukesh, Bunty Gretal and Rajesh Shringarepore have all four lead actors disappointed.
The film is unnecessarily long.
Detailing action scenes makes the ears move with hammers.
I don't know, but the film is growing in dislike.
We finally feel betrayed.
Whereas father has been easy for Gemini, son Maha Akshay is seen struggling in every scene.
Yet, the Enemy cannot go beyond its limits.
Ashut Thrikha should use his talent to illustrate some better subjects.
The land is a film divided into pieces, some of which are fertile and some barren.
The whole movie is a little less truthful.
Directors and writers deliberately try to force the audience into a sea of emotions and that feeling persists for a constant interval.
But those who aren't fans of the film probably didn't like it.
Sometimes I thought maybe casting Shastra wasn't right for this movie.
Hasina Parkar was unable to connect with the audience
In terms of acting, Kunal Rai Kapoor could have been more successful if he had worked harder.
The screenplay is very well written and the story is entertaining.
If he had lost a little bit of weight, he would have been a little convincing to a college student or someone around him.
Overall, Lucknow Central is not a great movie but it can be seen once.
Disappointingly, this is Simran.
This film is a very simple film.
You don't even know what's going on until the movie starts.
Editing is very weak.
There is no hard work at all in the story and screenplay.
The music of the film is simple.
Hansal Mehta's direction was weakened this time.
But Asim couldn 't take it beyond a simple C film.
That's the biggest flaw in this movie.
There should have been a little more work on editing.
But there are many shortcomings. The biggest of these is the script department.
But as the story progresses, it looks like a regular spice movie, "Badshah".
You feel a little cheated by coming to climax.
Such a solution to such a big problem shows the failure of the writing department.
Director Milan Lutheria, with writer Razzat Arora, needed a little more work.
Overall, 'Badshah' is an average movie.
A Gentleman, directed by Krishna DK and Raj, is an average commercial film.
which doesn't require much brain-power.
The director has also worked hard to keep his grip on the film, but he has not been successful.
But there is no particular story.
Apart from the scenes, the film could not hold its audience.
The idea for this kind of film came from watching a Hollywood movie and it was Indianised in a very hasty and childish way without understanding the Indian system.
A serious issue like the under trial is presented very superficially.
Aadhaar Jain has to work hard in terms of acting.
They have potential, but they're in a hurry to launch.
His illustration is very foul.
You can leave the film if you want.
He's out of air as soon as he gets on the screen.
The weakest part of this film is its screenplay and story.
It would be fair to say that Babumoshay Gunbaaz is a simple C movie that doesn't live up to expectations.
Those who want Nawazuddin Siddiqui will be disappointed when they see his image.
Redcliffe stands up, unable to do the hard work and the lack of time.
Which sometimes makes the movie boring.
The craft of film makes many places look synthetic.
Overall, Partition is a very important film of our time, but it seems to have a one-sided perspective somewhere.
The film is unnecessarily long.
The film becomes heavy by the interval.
More work had to be done on screen.
If cinematography had been better, the film would have been spectacular.
Those who have a Shah Rukh Khan film in their minds, a superhero, superman-like hero and big sets, may not be able to connect with this film.
Imtiaz, who has held onto the film throughout, took his film liberty in the climax, which makes him feel like something is missing.
The sweetest thing he missed was a case that might lead the younger generation astray.
Yes, there are some logical flaws in the film that occur frequently in every commercial film.
They have to show how much of an acting they have.
Slow screenplay and overly complicated storytelling can get you bored.
Many tracks open up and the audience gets confused about what's going on.
The lack of pace and rhythm in the film does not allow the film to grow in the same way.
First half pulled a little.
The music of Gemini is a film that is mastered in a clever editing.
Despite the talented artists, writing has been a challenge.
Despite the lack of creativity in the dialogue, laughter cannot spread on the face.
However, despite all this, the plot of the film has made the story a big prediction table.
It's made it into a top-notch thriller.
This film of Sunil Darshan, who had made successful films in one era, has become unsuccessful for the above reasons.
Apart from the music of Deem, this is not only a touch of influence.
Stories are filling empty spaces.
The thriller has become a level of the serial. It has been funny on many occasions.
There is a big difference between speech and emotion.
This important message from the Tubelight film slips a little.
This film is a bit relaxed in the first half.
In the incarnation of Amjad Khan, Vivek Oberoi left a small mark.
The dedication of limited resources and budget has also limited creativity after the initial glow of the army - directed Full Moon.
This film, made with good intentions, has so few events that the story has not been told.
The film remains one-dimensional.
This makes the film's message not be transmitted effectively.
The author has invented the innocent character of Fullu, but he has not been able to give that character a function and action.
The attitude of the rest of the characters in the film is not clear either.
She is alone on Sharib Hashmi, and the film starts to tremble before it is finished.
It seems that the people who want to boldenne are given special attention.
However, the problem is that the script is so simple.
Mystery and adventure have not been able to be overcome.
And it's more of a comedy than action.
The lack of adequate information about psychological illnesses is a major problem.
The skilled are weak in depicting Jai as a victim of fragmented personality.
Although the dialogue is flat, she appears to speak in a flat manner.
They have not fully carved out the feelings of a person trapped in fear, trouble and conflict.
Ronnie became a polar bear acting raw
She also seems to be ineffective.
Their characters are not properly fabricated.
The other collaborating artists appear to be catering.
The film had been a little more worked and had Sachin Tendulkar's personality been dismayed, the film would have had a far-reaching impact.
So it seems that the producer-director did not get the full support from Sachin.
The language, environment and environment are a factor in the loss of half of the girlfriends and the final impact is weakened.
Half-girlfriend is a logical outsider and full of coincidences.
This is a weak link to the best films like Hindi Medium.
There is a lack of context and scenes where they can find depth and breadth.
Grammar and behavioural errors are becoming common in Hindi usage
Ram Gopal Varma's government has not lived up to expectations
The movie is all about eating.
Unfortunately, this is a terrible deviation from the capable filmmaker of our time.
The film failed despite the excellent acting of Amitabh Bachchan, Manoj Bajpayee and the rest of the cast, dialogue of Ramkumar Singh and the efforts of the technical team.
Despite the highlights of moments, scenes and sparse performances, the film failed to make the final impact.
The difficulties of the story and the level of the script hinder the speed and inertia of the film.
Ram Gopal Varma misses out on making interesting dramas about all the characters.
Government 3 Ram Gopal Varma will be on the list of failed films
There is nothing new about these scenes.
But if you think about it for a moment or when you step out of the theater, it slips like sand in a handful of fists.
The essence of Indian cinema is emotion.
The feelings of love and envy cannot be deeply felt.
This star becomes slow-moving and heavy.
Unfortunately, Sonakshi Sinha's efforts to break her limits in trying to live Nur on screen are in vain.
But the writers and directors turn their backs on their hard work.
This film does not achieve its purpose.
In its sub-genre, the film is a bit of a dilemma.
Not to be arrogant about the important issue, but we get a lost film.
Their dialogue pay and angry acting are better.
The weak dialogue that has encountered them all has completed the task.
This would be the weakest performance of his career so far.
However, too many songs have slowed the film down.
The plot of the film is complex and complicated.
The story runs and scatters, unable to hold the viewer.
The dialogue is random and philosophical, making it seem ineffective.
The characters are not deeply involved in acting.
The act is a flash of negligence.
The duration of the film can be about two hours.
However, the film does not hold for long.
The story gets confused after we get to this screwdriver.
Writers and directors sometimes go on the streets of romance and sometimes politics with Mirza and Juliet.
The flow of film is slow and interrupted in the cycle of giving space to the rest of the characters.
Darshan Kumar is somewhat lagging behind in his support.
His acting is affected by his weak character formation.
They can 't find a way to be a lover of the unknown
But then the same thing starts to happen again.
Their relationship and language are in some way stalling.
There is only one shortcoming in film: the story.
The present illustration has not shown the same skill
Masin Ab Bas-Mastan will be remembered as the weakest film, with everything but one location being a mess.
It was not even worth seeing because of the film's loosening.
The scenes are poor and the actors are even worse.
Laughter is missing in romantic and dramatic dialogues.
There are also some shortcomings in the film.
Some scenes have become unnecessarily long.
Some contexts are meaningless.
Isha Gupta has a strong role but is not capable of playing Maria well
In terms of acting and performance, everyone in this film is disappointed.
Keshav Paneri directed the movie of the same name. It is a difficult film. It also increases the difficulty of the audience.
The limitations and weaknesses of the script have become their limitations.
His character portrayal is incomplete.
Despite the contributions of many talents, the song - music is modest.
The bad acting of the co-stars has made the sequences ridiculous.
As a result, flat expression on his face was captured on camera during the dialogue payment.
It was a disappointment to see him on screen.
This silent and careless film kills its potential and remains an average film.
The flow of the film breaks down
The team's looseness in character creation is also evident in trust and other characters.
Amit Sad has not practiced dialogue and language
In film adaptations, they have not been able to keep the facts interesting.
It seems that the characters are not able to connect.
There is potential for improvement and refinement
The beauty and disadvantage of the luxury is that commercial spices have been used to serve entertainment in a realistic way.
The director has used his full potential there.
The original story and the nobility seem to be added despite being necessary for the mood.
Parul Bani Anjana Sukhani and the lyrics are all ineffective.
On the screen, it is clear that he has paid half-heartedly.
The use of the worn - out dialogue in Hindi films is often overlooked.
Rajneesh Duggal has been dramatic in some places.
Jarin Khan is a disappointment in dance
The filming of the film's item song is not impressive
Shira's past is a pain in the ass.
It doesn't fit the mood of the story.
Shekhar has a philosophy for every context, but when he gets caught up in emotional confusion, he gets dispersed.
Sinha's experiences are not original, but he has taken the seed from his own film.
The impurities of language are permeated
Animation is not the same as high-end -
The issue of Meghalaya does not match the film.
Everything seems to be in a state of shock.
The script for Rock On 2 is loose
In short, the music of the sequel is weaker and simpler than the previous film.
Arjun Rampal's character is now half-finished, so they don't look as effective as the previous film.
Also, the language of the characters is not given much attention.
Their characters have not got the right perspective. Their characters are loose.
It is sad to see that a necessary film was in a hurry and lacked resources.
Technically, this is a weak film.
The film is rendered unproductive by technical deficiencies ranging from filming to other aspects.
That's why despite the efforts of director Ron Howard, the film remains ordinary.
The film's weakness is its script, which cannot create credibility.
Most of the sights get stuck in the middle after an interesting start and then drift away.
The film does not affect despite the action and technical effects.
The film is unreasonable.
There is no harmony between events and contexts.
Despite everyone's hard work, something is missing.
The film cannot be damaged
There is a lack of content
The Gulsars, despite their specialness, cannot influence.
The story is also diverted from the other track.
The audience that doesn't understand that dialect can have a bit of a problem.
Writers and directors fail in trying to make a satirical film on the right issue
Not close in combination with scenes and illustrations
So it seems that there is a rush to get everything together on a limited budget.
There is no more juice left in this formula of Vikram Bhatt.
As the film begins, it is clear that Vikram Bhatt is not going to show anything new.
The rest of Vikram Bhatt has repeated scenes that have been thrown into horror films.
Vikram Bhatt's horror films are no longer scary at all
The rest of the artists are to be compensated.
Arbaaz Khan is seen sneaking into the scenes with Nawaz despite his long experience.
It also affected Nawaz'performance.
Africki Ali also has production shortcomings.
The film's impact has been reduced by the imagination and budget cuts in sets and costumes.
It is the director's fault with the two actors' limitations.
Films like Watch Again and Again take old ways over and over again instead of telling something new.
This film is lax and weak in terms of story, structure and presentation.
All actors, including Tiger Shroff, are ineffective.
Tiger Shroff cannot move beyond two-thirds of the expression in dramatic scenes.
K.K. Menon has not examined the bilkul
Their looks have not been worked out either.
It does not achieve its objectives.
Piyush Mishra is a stuntman in Rajendra Nath style
Since the characters are not new, perhaps that is why they have not been as influential as their better films.
There is a lack of story
Arunodeya Singh is disappointing
This film cannot be enjoyed on the small screen
Drama is not, and actresses' acting is very disappointing.
Rajiv Khandelwal has such films or he chooses films with such intricate scripts and characters.
Somewhere the equation gets messed up and their films get weakened in the final impact.
Name on the big philosophy small lies
In such a situation, Patna's feeling is not in the film.
Hindi spoken in a Bihari accent has become a joke
Despite the impact of locality, the loose script has destroyed the talents of artists like Arshad Warsi and Baman Irani.
The music is not even dull.
Nikant Kamat has not worked with any device in the film.
The film ends in a slow motion in a very slow way.
This causes the scenario to not stay flat and the flow to break.
The plot is effective, but it's been left to be witty and exciting by the unnecessary fascination with the scene.
The scenes are lengthened, which interferes with the motion of the film.
It takes the story in a different direction.
The emperor is slipping away in expressing his feelings.
This time, Vidya Balan could not impress her presence.
The story of two strangers is a film about a similarly thick-skinned scenario.
Randeep Hooda is seen here working extra hard in his films.
They try to get themselves into the script and the characters, but they don't get the proper support of the writer and the director.
It's about yourself and the artists who do the most amazing things with great enthusiasm.
This film is a sample of scenes of prostitution and writing.
The characters are just meaningless and selfless.
This makes the film weak despite good intentions.
The lack of thinking and aesthetics required to make biographical films is a factor in Sarbhajit.
The struggle of Dalbir is confined to a limited range.
As a result, the impact of their hard work is diminished.
Darshan Kumar is a disappointment in the role of Pakistani lawyer.
The whole film is flattened by the collective burden of all.
Here he is, the narcissist.
The film industry has been in a state of decline, with the animation of the faces of the actors being captured.
Overall, this is a blow to the expectations of fans of cinema and sports.
The weak link of the film is Bhavani Ayer's story - telling style, screenplay and average performance of the lead actors.
Naira Banerjee has been unable to leave an impact in Simran's role.
But his lack of emotional scenes was evident.
The difficulty is in reconciling the two.
They're failing to make an impression here.
They must be more zealous in acting.
In some scenes, traditional overactracy is frustrating.
Some scenes have not been able to catch the main actors (Karina and Arjun)
It is also difficult to hear the same song over and over again in the background with different differences.
The depth of that relationship has not been shown by the writer - director in the way that is common in Hindi films.
How is the story of Thy Hour?
After the intervals, the names of individuals and their participation increase so rapidly that even the audience with Raghu has difficulty keeping track.
As a character, he is not given much detail.
Global Baba is a film made with a limited budget and resources. The impact of this limit is evident throughout the film.
The author has filled in the events to keep the film interesting.
Manish Paul makes every effort to stay in the role.
Their appearance is not even noticed.
It is a pity that Ali Jafar's presence does not add anything to the film.
The lack of action can be a source of frustration for those who desire action.
Interestingly, this film is not influenced by the lack of character formation and livelihood.
Abhishek Kapoor's Fitr's decor is attractive and beautiful, but its texture has been lost.
As a result, the film seems scattered.
Similarly, there are problems with the action sequence of the train.
The writer - director has repeatedly folded the flow of the film in the face of this need.
There are some weaknesses in the payment of Harshwaddan dialogues.
Both actors have supported the director's thinking in their many whore acts.
There is no concrete story of the filmmaker
Even fans of such films will be disappointed by 'Mastizaade'.
This time the scenes and characters' behavior of the film were more whorelike.
The audience does not laugh.
'Chuck 'n 'Duster' seems a little outdated in technique, presentation and craftsmanship.
The story moves slowly, and then it gets stuck in some scenes.
The problem is that even the directors give up after a certain amount of urgency.
The indifference of distributors and exhibitors to this film is something similar to the theme of this film.
The reason for the shortcomings and failures is often the limitations of the budget and resources beyond the director's expectations.
Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Bhajrao Mastani has few narrative elements. Not much screws and events.
The climax of the film is a bit disappointing.
But in some scenes, they seem confused in emotion.
One problem was that they couldn't control their performance.
The final part of the film is weak and different from the main story.
The second part of the film seems to be a bit of a shot.
Perhaps the audience didn't get as attached to him.
In recent years, every fourth mega budget multi - star film has been associated with Pritam's name. In this way, the melody of his music has now disappeared.
Since the whole film revolves around the salesman, the lack of romance and so on makes this a weakness in the song music.
The story of the film is reminiscent of the films of the 70s and 80s in which the heroine considers herself to be the goddess of the Abla, Babus and her husband. The story of the film is about a third person coming between a happy couple. There is nothing new in the story.
The foolishness of the mind in front of us is to play our attention to the daily pain, pain, expense, difficulty, salt, oil, wood, gas, and to influence us in its own way.
The film is about a very low-clothed bathing suit, Nisha Koothari, in Goa Beaches.
Music Sivan's Click is a horror film of the ordinary kind.
Sneha Ullaal got a good role but failed to make a living in the role. Songs remain a hindrance in such films. Some of the same is true in this film. Songs are good and carnival, but the script was not in tune for her, so I remember the face of Cham Chand, memories, I know that even good songs can not leave an impact.
On the other hand, the film, which is set against a backdrop of idle scenes, has no current spice that can attract the audience to theatres.
The fear shown on screen cannot be transmitted in the cinema.
It seems that the director chose this bold subject in order to attract the crowd of teenagers gathered on multiplexes and wandered off on his own. The end of the film could not give a solid message.
People don't like the movie much.
Whose brain is it?
Every scene ends abruptly with a sound and sharp cut, such as a thunder, a bang, a bang, a thud, a thud.
The third film of his career has shown a slightly more subtle approach to the study than the previous films. But the study of rock star acting over acting in many scenes. Aghiyan would have understood better the feeling that it is not so easy to realize the hidden dream within if he had followed the roles played by Farhan Akhtar and Arjun Rampal in the film Rock On, which is based on the same subject.
In such a situation, the story of a sick and unwell hero on a track discourages the audience who come to the hall in search of entertainment.
Gowinda should now shift his focus away from comedy to some serious roles.
But one of the laughs was that Shri Ram Raghavan missed this case.
A colourful romance of Salman Khan is no longer very attractive.
The story however did not have a scope for songs, and the audience did not know when the song was in the film, when it came into the film and when it left.
The pace of the story before the interval is slow. The climax could have been made more effective.
Pindari, the British, the 19th century India, nothing has been so well illustrated in the film.
But perhaps it didn't have any effect on the film's sound.
He launched his son Jackie Bhagnani with his film Who Saw Yesterday. But in an attempt to give more footage to his son, the story was so broken that the film stuck on Jackie's weak shoulders.
On the one hand, the spectacle, which often happens in different cities of the country, happens in no time.
Imran Hashmi has become a painter once again after Raj 2 and is stuck in his role, but Soha Sanjana's role is completely miss fit. The pre-release publicity of the film was promoted as a film based on the rain that happened in Mumbai, but unfortunately the director forgot about the rain in Imran Soha's love story.
I have never seen art in such a state.
This is also lacking in their dialogues.
Vikram Bhatt handed over the film to assistant Vishal Pandya and he was defeated. Vishal continued the story but could not keep the pace of the film so fast that the story could bind the audience to the end.
There is nothing new or special about the story.
Mohanish Bahl, who became a film director and judge in TV shows, was disappointed.
The public needs to be seen, but not the bulbs.
In the second half, the story takes a fast pace, then director Rumi Jaffari seems to be able to keep his grip on the film.
There is nothing special about this hot bachelor party that you can join in. Yes, if you are a fan of hot parties, the film will freeze you after the interval. Many of the dialogues of the film have double meaning, so after the interval the story is completely out of the hands of the director.
The director Sahab made the X Miss Sri Lanka Jacqueline the heroine and introduced Sanjay Dutt as the villain with the cinematic style of the role of the Ring Master, who is seen singing a song of a film over and over again.
Nirjan Ayangar has not been able to put the feelings into words.
The only problem is that the film is made on any subject in Bollywood, with the desire to make it big at the box office, and the current spice is added to it to determine where the story gets from. Some of the same is true of this film made on a budget of crores and about two famous and expensive stars of the industry Amitabh and Sanjay Dutt. Despite the excellent special effects and the poor script of the film, it does not match the audience's test.
If only the dialogue like Ser and Chhatak were to become a film period, then the words Kos, Mile, Kutta, Bighas would also be used.
The film has two evergreen Bollywood super hits named Sholay and Laghan's Kashkumar in the name of the story. If you are going to see this film, do not look for the story in it.
It seems that Ram Gopal Varma and his factory days are not going well.
The dialogue and influence and period-period
Gaurav Kapoor, who has made a name for himself on the small screen as a VJ, seems to be in the whole film. The director has given more footage to Parmeet Sethy and Govind Namdev, who looks like a 'Behara Govind'. As director Varun was unable to get the cast to work properly and to keep the story on track.
Rajveer and Megha Chatterjee were cast in the lead roles. Both proved to be unreliable actors in the field of acting. The scattered script and slow pace from above weakened the movie.
The only thing that can be said is that Megha had learned ABC acting before she faced the camera. Some of the recent heroes are Rajveer, who somehow managed to stand in front of the camera.
God hears her prayer and comes to fulfill her dreams as a Dube (Sourabh Shukla). This is where the story gets lost. The film cannot bind the audience anywhere due to the weak script and the light grip of the director.
Rahul - Varun's dialogues do not have the capacity to bind the audience.
The young director Vijay Lalwani tried to do his job well, but he himself got lost in the quest to give more footage to his dear friend Farhan on screen.
The director, after the interval, played the role of Dadaji, and producer Jawahar, who was so impressed with the film that the rest of the characters were drowning, the story became so confused that he could not handle it.
Later, his character is involved.
Despite the short story, the director could not bind the audience to the film.
Nothing in the movie for family class.
The pace of Priyadarshan's grip on comedy has now slowed. Until the intervals, he kept fitting a dozen and a half stars into the story, filling the hotel with water in the climax, not knowing why the stars ran unnecessarily.
The phenomenon of the extreme side.
Ran doesn't say anything new.
Every time he goes to court from jail, he sees the pain of not getting bail and the hope of not getting bail on his return.
Some questions in the film remain unanswered.
It would be nice if the director had had a workshop with the film's cast and cameraman a few days before the shooting. Before the interval, the story progresses at such a slow pace that the audience sitting in the hall begins to feel bored.
Some questions in the film remain unanswered.
The music of this film is weak in dance.
Bollywood has probably become a little bit more bold. The stories of movies that once circulated on college campuses have now started to reach schools and now become the mummies of 10th grade students and the daddies of 11th grade students.
The downside of this film is that the pace of the film is so slow that the audience starts to giggle.
The film is not supported by the poor dialogue except by the sluggish direction of Moussazar Aziz. The director seems to have forced the pair of characters such as Fizuol Lotus and Tara and Mohit to prolong the story unnecessarily.
The film has two great Bollywood and Hollywood celebrities, but it cannot be said that the director did better than them. Big B has appeared in such looks and roles many times before, so there was no big role in the part of any other actor who could do anything. Yes, R Madhavan has made his presence felt among the long-width crowd of stars.
This opportunity was lost within minutes of the film's start.
Each actor in the film is seen speaking his rotten dialogue in front of the camera. The hero Asim Merchant is a doctor in the film, but the doctor is less of a failure lover in the whole film. Asim's face is neither emotionally charged nor is he acting.
The director would have thought that the effect would be effective in scaring the audience, but the audience sitting in the theaters laughs.
Fardeen, who has been a bridegroom on screen in many previous films, is also seen in the entire film.
It is unfortunate that Rahul Gandhi's politics has influenced him to become a media sensation.
The film has been trying to cash in the controversy over North Indians in Maharashtra. But the weak director, except for the poor script, is the weakest aspect of the film. Many action scenes of the film hero Kamal Khan are laughable. If Kamal had given up being a good actor in this film, he would certainly have made an impactful film on this issue.
This is not the case in My Name Is Khan.
No miracles are expected from this film of Uday Chopra.
They have not been given the proper support by writers, artists and directors.
The film has unnecessary violence and many double - meaning dialogues that were not needed. Despite being senior actors like Boman Irani and Vinod Khanna, the director duo could not get a job from them.
Sohail Khan and Jackie were disappointed.
Amrit Chopra (Rajesh Khanna), who became the business tycoon in the film, appeared on screen with beautiful wife Beena (Sara Khan) every time. The film looks at Kaka's acting and his extremely weak dialogue delivery as if he didn't want to do this film.
It would be nice if Lena made a film on the fast-growing gambling grounds between Mumbai and small towns that had a message to society. Well, at the end of the story, the director's message is trying to prove gambling to be a bad and destructive game, but it is not understandable to the general audience because all the dialogue between Sir Ben Kingsley and Big B is in English.
There are few people in the industry who close their completed film in the box because of just one star.
There was nothing left for them.
And how the educated, intelligent, captains of the country and the region get ready to act by working on the narrative written on these beaten stories.
The director of the film adapted the characters in a number of ways but forgot to use them properly. It is not clear why a senior actor like Prem Chopra played such a baserpare.
It is on the same basis that they have said that Rahul Gandhi is beating the brunt of the opposition to racism.
Akshay Kumar was unable to do anything but make noise in the name of the comedy, while Sunil Shetty somehow played his role. Katrina looked innocent and innocent, but Samira Reddy remained a showpiece.
The film's musical score is averaged, despite the names Javed Akhtar and Pritam. Apart from Fardeen and Jenelia, no artist attracts.
Of course, young director Suparna Varma has chosen a new subject, but it is beyond the understanding to conceal the characters' confusion and unnecessary intervals and the identity of all the characters.
No one can make a good film with just money and a good audience. A living example of this is Blue, made on a budget of over Rs 100 crore.
Despite the three musicians being associated with the film, there is no song in the film that dares to climb the music lovers' shoes.
This time, the script is scattered across the country because of the fact that the story is about a dozen stars apart from these three.
The music camera from the director to the cameraman has a strong grip on the camera, despite the fact that the photography is simple and more than half of the film is shot in blue or dark.
If you have no other option to watch, you can watch this movie once.
I think he's in a hurry!
Vashnu did not even take any known heroines for Jackie, perhaps thinking that her son would not be left behind. In the 1970s and 1980s, the granddaughter of Manmohan Desai, who had made several superhit films starring Amitabh Bachchan, Vaishali Desai also started her career with this film.
Well, Priyanka has been a little bit bold.
If you try to find reason or something new in a film, it is difficult to spend time in the hall.
The illusion of seeing something new persists for a while.
This time the unshakable bet of eternity was unsuccessful.
The script is not a commercial and entertainment spicy, and the scriptwriter seems to be confused about finalising the climax of the film, so the last twenty minutes of the story seems to have been unnecessarily pushed forward.
Director, Shamit couldn 't finally explain why his film hero doesn 't get involved in the race to make himself a hero from scratch in the eyes of the boss. Shamit seems to have a good experience in the computer industry, but then more than half of the film is spent on explaining the tricks of selling a computer's sales service, profit, and selling a product to government companies.
He doesn 't look as stubborn as the last hero of the Infinite, Imran.
Unfortunately, there were fewer scenes in their accounts.
Despite the busy cast of Raja Murad, Vidya Sinha, Amita Nagia, no one could make an impact on the film. That is why the audience who came to see the film on Friday at the Ikka Duka theatres could be counted on their fingers.
The film is a bit of a mystery to pass the long kissing scenes of Akshay - Kareena with a U/A certificate by the censor. Amrita Arora, Kareena Kapoor and Hollywood star Dennis Richard, all have been heavily exposed. The dialogue of the film has been silenced, but despite this, many double meaning dialogues still remain in the film.
Many of these scenes seem to have been forced to blur before the interval.
It is not clear what constraint the superstar of his time had to sign this film. In this film, the beautiful 22-year-old Sara Khan has a great fight with her 70-year-old uncle.
Friends may think the end of the story at the death of the hero is a tragic end.
The film, which was released last year, shares many of the events of the film with the story of 1920. This is why the audience already knows something about the next scene in many places. The director has not left any effort to get the sex in the film.
David's script could have been a good comedy film if he had tightened it up. But due to poor direction and scattered script, the nearly two - hour film did not bind the audience to the end.
This is the naked truth of the misuse of a strong pillar of Lokanthan.
From this perspective, the second part of the myth is a terrifying experience.
The better use of cameras and latest technology has put this story in a different category from C - class horror films. Vathal Seth and Ayub Khan are the weakest link in the film.
The script of the film is extremely weak. The locker dialogue on it is the weak side of the delivery film.
The film may not be able to stand the test of the audience who had just entered the hall for the purpose of entertainment. A producer can destroy the story in his desire to show his maximum form on screen.
Anjana Sukhani has a few less acting and a few more sexy scenes.
The film follows the same drama that was once seen in films made in the 1970s and 80s. The short story follows Johnny Lever, who suddenly becomes a senior police officer, who makes strange moves whenever there is a pause.
The director of the film is also slightly more impressed by Sholay, only to show them in his film as hand-washing thieves on expensive cars. But shortly before the interval it becomes clear among the audience that Jai is the police inspector.
The film's lyrics are weak.
It would be better if the director developed the rest of the characters in the film rather than being too loyal to the producer.
There is nothing new in the story of the film. Especially, the first half is quite loose.
She got lost in the film, which was sadly between Salman and Ajay Devgn.
After the interval, when it is the time for the characters to identify themselves, the story begins to wander. Even in a film of less than two hours, the viewer cannot bind himself to the end.
Dino became a villain in the film
After the interval, the film becomes confused.
It would have been better if the director had focused on the mother - son relationship rather than the Sanskrit slang of the hero Ram on the roof of the house.
I walk out of the streets and I get stuck.
The climax also feels unnecessarily drawn.
We feel the impact of this perception, but we are not excited and motivated.